applications: nrf_desktop: enable encryption for mcumgr smp service (#17764)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/bootloader_dfu.rst

The `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ application transfers the image update files over the Simple Management Protocol (SMP).

.. note::

>    If your DFU target is not paired over Bluetooth with your Android device, the DFU procedure will automatically trigger the pairing procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If your DFU target is not paired through Bluetooth with your Android device, the DFU procedure automatically triggers the pairing procedure.
```

The `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ application transfers the image update files over the Simple Management Protocol (SMP).

.. note::

>    If your DFU target is not paired over Bluetooth with your Android device, the DFU procedure will automatically trigger the pairing procedure.

Reviewer 2: Consider mentioning explicitly that encryption is required for SMP over BLE by nRF Desktop configurations (I am not sure if other host tools, like mcumgr CLI, would also automatically establish security).
